add contributing statement on issues (#1289)
ConsenSys/quorum: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Please see the [Developers' Guide](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/Developers'-Guide)
for more details on configuring your environment, managing project dependencies
and testing procedures.

## Issue reproductibility

> Before you create an issue, we want you to try to reproduce it over the [quorum quick dev start framework](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum-dev-quickstart) with the latest release.

Reviewer: Before you create an issue, please try to reproduce it with [quorum quick dev start framework](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum-dev-quickstart) using the latest release.

> Before you create an issue, we want you to try to reproduce it over the [quorum quick dev start framework](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum-dev-quickstart) with the latest release.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you create an issue, please try to reproduce it with [quorum quick dev start framework](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum-dev-quickstart) with the latest release.
```
